Added support for SameSite Cookie option (#17353)
yiisoft/yii2: docs/guide/runtime-sessions-cookies.md

> Info: [[yii\web\Request::cookieValidationKey|cookieValidationKey]] is critical to your application's security.
  It should only be known to people you trust. Do not store it in the version control system.
  
## Security settings

Both [[yii\web\Cookie]] and [[yii\web\Session]] support the following security flags:

### httpOnly

For better security, the default value of [[yii\web\Cookie::httpOnly]] and the 'httponly' parameter of 
[[yii\web\Session::cookieParams]] is set to `true`. This helps mitigate the risk of a client-side script accessing 
the protected cookie (if the browser supports it).
You may read the [HttpOnly wiki article](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/HttpOnly) for more details.

### secure

> The purpose of the secure flag is to prevent cookies from being send in clear text. If the browsers supports the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the secure flag is to prevent cookies from being send in clear text. If the browser supports the
```

> secure flag it will only include the cookie when the request is send over a secure (TLS) connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secure flag it will only include the cookie when the request is sent over a secure (TLS) connection.
```

You may read the [SecureFlag wiki article](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/SecureFlag) for more details.

### sameSite

> Starting at Yii 2.0.21 the [[yii\web\Cookie::sameSite]] setting is supported, this also requires PHP version 7.3.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Yii 2.0.21 the [[yii\web\Cookie::sameSite]] setting is supported. It requires PHP version 7.3.0 or higher.
```

> The purpose of the sameSite setting is to prevent CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `sameSite` setting is to prevent CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) attacks.
```

> If the browsers supports the sameSite setting it will only include the cookie according to the specified policy ('Lax' or 'Strict').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the browsers supports the sameSite setting it will only include the cookie according to the specified policy ('Lax' or 'Strict').
```
```suggestion
If the browser supports the `sameSite` setting it will only include the cookie according to the specified policy ('Lax' or 'Strict').
```

You may read the [SameSite wiki article](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/SameSite) for more details.

> For securtiy, an exception will be thrown if `sameSite` is set in an unsupported version of PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better security, an exception will be thrown if `sameSite` is used with an unsupported version of PHP.
```

To use this feature across different PHP versions check the version first. E.g.
```php
[
    'sameSite' => PHP_VERSION_ID >= 70300 ? yii\web\Cookie::SAME_SITE_LAX : null,
]
```

> > Note: Since not all browsers support the sameSite setting yet, it is still strongly recommended to also include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Since not all browsers support the `sameSite` setting yet, it is still strongly recommended to also include
```
